Video name = Pre-Consultation (AHL)-(English)

    welcome to American hairline so let me just make you go through these questions I'm gonna quickly take these five questions that you probably would have in mind and let me answer these questions well some of you would have this question should you go for a clip on one or a sticking one now we wouldn't be the right person to tell you whether clip-on or stick on is the right option for you however before you get into the consultation you need to understand that what are the pros and what are the cons
    
    of a clip-on one and what are the pros and cons of the stick on one you can then take a call where the stick on is something that you prefer or clip on so let's begin with clip on let me give you a little information about clip on in clip on you don't need to shave off your head you can just clip it on on your natural hair second you don't need to visit us or any of the non-surgical Hair Replacement systems for servicing because we are not shaving off the head the third point is there a lot of men
    
    who prefer the clip-on one because you can wear it in the morning and remove it in the night it's a lot more convenient for them so in such cases clip-on would be a good option for you so now let's discuss the cons now if you are somebody who's not comfortable with the idea of wearing it in the morning remove it in the night then clip-on is not a good option for you in terms of security if you want to compare a clip-on and a stick on a stick on will obviously be a lot more secure but if your lifestyle is
    
    such wherein you know there are no kids in the house or you know it's a desk job and in such cases then you can consider a clip-on where you can wear it in the morning and remove it in the night another con I would say in clip on one you can't swim with these of course a lot of men when they wear it you can wear a shower cap and swim with it but you just can't wear a clip-on one and swim with this it's not too secure it doesn't come off but you will just feel that the hair system is moving so I've
    
    just given you a basic idea about a clip on one now let's talk about the stick on one in the stick on one a let's talk about the cons first that the stick on one you have to be comfortable with shaving off the top area because for a sticker on one we need to shave off the top area and then stick it so if you are looking for an extremely natural hairline and if you're looking for system which is a lot more secure obviously a clip-on one may not be the right option a stick on one would be a right option the first corn I would say
    
    that you should be comfortable with shaving off the head because you will have to shave up the head in the stick on option second you have to be comfortable with the idea of servicing your hair system every once every 25 days so in the servicing basically the area which was shaped is again shaped and your hair system is clean and again stuck to your scalp that's called servicing so you should be comfortable with the servicing idea every month if you're somebody who cannot go for servicing every month then what we
    
    suggested you should learn how to do it yourself if you're not comfortable doing it yourself or if you're not comfortable going for servicing every month then you can consider a clip-on one let's talk about the pros of the stick on one in the stick on one obviously it's a lot more secure because it's stuck to this Cal so you don't have to worry about removing it the night throughout the day it will be on the scalp second point if you need a very natural hairline that can't be achieved through a clip-on one
    
    you can definitely achieve through a stick on one so if natural hairline is a priority stick on one is a better option for you one of the pros I would say is that you can swim with it you can shower with it you are not bothered about removing it and wearing it every now and then so the choice is yours there are a lot of men who prefer clip-on purely because you don't need to shave off your head and you have the comfort of taking a shower without their system well there are another set of people who are very
    
    comfortable with the stick on one in stick on one because it gives them a lot more security they don't mind coming for servicing everyone in such cases you can choose this stick on one so the choice is yours before the consultation you can at least give us an idea now that you understand the pros and cons you can let the technician know that do you prefer a clip-on one or a stick on one let's come to the second point which is obviously you would want to know how long will these systems last now let me make it
    
    simple for you usually the life of the system depends on these three things one is the base of the hair system second is the amount of the number of strands which are added on the hair system third is the knotting technique now I'll make it even simpler for you usually if we put less hair let's give it a number so it's easier for you to understand let's say if we just put 10 000 strands on the base which is very very thin and if the knotting technique is also very thin it will look very very natural when the
    
    hair is less and the base is thin and the knots are thinner the hair system will look much more natural but the negative part of it is because the base is so thin it's fully breathable and the density is also low these systems will not last for too long maybe around three to four months however if you prefer a system which will last for for a longer period you will have to choose a base which is slightly thicker and increase the number of strands in the hair system only then the life of the hair system
    
    will increase now that choice is totally up to you is life of the hair system is more important or the natural appearance the only point is that the lighter you choose the Lesser it will last for if you choose a hair system which will last for a longer period it will not look as natural as compared to the low density hair system so again we leave this up to you whether you choose a hair system which is higher in density which may not look as natural as the low density one but you prefer the life then the high
    
    density hair system would be the right option for you if you are someone who is not too price conscious or you somebody who wants it extremely natural looking and okay with the life being less then we suggest the low density hair system because they obviously will look much more natural because this is going to be your first system well the next question that's going to come in your mind that you don't want to change your system every three for months so in such cases what we suggest is in such cases what we
    
    suggest is a your first system always choose which is low density don't think of the life in the first phase which is the first three to four months because these are going to be the most important months in your case because you're going to wear this for the first time so in such cases you'll always be conscious you'll feel that it's looking artificial you'll feel everybody is looking at me people around you may not accept so what we suggest is let your first system be a lighter density one yes it may last
    
    lesser but later on maybe your second or the third system you can go for a heavier density one because by then people around you will get used to it you will get used to looking at yourself with hair so like I said try to choose the four system which will be light if cost is not a concern and if you're okay with changing the hair system every three four months then we definitely suggest the low density Hair Systems and the breathable ones because they are meant to look very very natural and very
    
    completely breathable so again you can evaluate your pros and cons and let us know do you prefer a high density system or you prefer a low density system now let's move on to the third Point delivery time now usually the delivery time is approximately 20 to 30 days for the stock units and approximately three to three and a half ones for a fully customized one now if you are looking for a system within 7 to 10 days in such cases you will have to let the technician know that there is an event and you need it within seven to ten days
    
    in such cases we can check with our backend team and find out if your specification we can deliver it within seven to ten days so just in case if you need the hair system urgently within 7 to 10 days and you're okay with the 40 chart then you can definitely ask your technician that by what day do you need it and they can check with the back-end team and get back to you but generally it takes around 20 to 30 days for a semi-customized unit well let's discuss the next point which is natural hairline
    
    now please listen to this point carefully I understand that everyone needs a natural hairline now when it comes to a natural hairline a sorry now when it comes to a natural hairline you need to understand that usually these natural hairline Hair Systems are very very thin they are made of a switch HD lace which is the thinnest lace in the world and the density is also kept very low in the front so usually when the base is so thin and the density is low in such cases these systems will not last for a
    
    longer time we would say probably around three months or maybe lesser if you choose even thinner base now that is the call that you got to take because natural hairline systems because of the thin base and low density less hair because it's so delicate it's so fragile that it cannot hold the hair for a longer period also in the natural hairline you will have to service the front part probably every 10 days because in the front part you cannot use the tape because if you use the tape in the front the hairline will not look as
    
    natural so in such cases you can only use the glue but if you use the glue the glue does not have the strength to hold the base for a month so every 10 days maybe you'll have to remove that front part a bit clean it yourself or come to the replacement Center and get it serviced well if you're not very conscious about the hairline if you choose a hairstyle which is not completely brushed back and if you have a bigger forehead we suggest that start with a hair system which is not completely brush back don't choose these
    
    hairstyles which are completely brush back try to choose a Hair Systems wherein the hairline is not too visible so that you don't have to maintain it as much it's your first test system so obviously you will find it difficult to maintain so what we suggest is don't try to go for an extremely natural hairline in phase one which I mean is the first three or six months get used to the styling part for the first three to six months and then experiment with all of this but in the first phase don't keep
    
    natural hairline with your priority choose a hair system which is is not completely exposed now let's get to the next Point hairstyle since we will start with the consultation we have a request if you can just search some of your old pictures these pictures should not be very old not probably 10 15 years back probably recent where you had little hair but the hair loss was still there so we just want to understand the hair Direction how used to wear your hair The Parting part of it and then it will just
    
    give us some idea in terms of the hairstyle and we can then give you a demo which will be a similar hairstyle or something close to it so we request you to just search some old pictures of yours and show it to the technicians so that we get an idea another point in hairstyle what we suggest is don't try to look the way you used to look when you were younger see you need to understand that when we do the non-surgical Hair Replacement we will be working only on the top area not on the sides and the back you need to
    
    understand this very carefully that your density on the sides and the back has all also reduce and your temple area this is the temple area has also receded so the hairstyle that you had 15 years back or 10 years back the same hairstyle will not look good on you purely because the size in the back have also changed the density of the reduce and the Temple area has receded your forehead and the side area has receded so our suggestion when it comes to a hairstyle phase one try to keep it very natural keep it
    
    short keep it simple keep a bigger forehead maintain the receding hairline make it look age appropriate don't try to look too young you've not had hair for so long suddenly if you're going to experiment with the hairstyle the last thing that you can do is while wearing a system is attract attention the transition should be so smooth that when you're wearing a hair system it should not be obvious and what will keep it very natural is when you choose a low density one keep the front area the way it used to look so basically keep the
    
    forehead Bakery the hairline receded keep the density low don't go for a brush back hairstyle keep it simple give you an example of blue jeans and a white shirt will never ever look bad similarly if you're keeping your hair short and keeping it low density you cannot go wrong start small don't suddenly try to look somebody else all these years you did not have hair give yourself time in the phase one choose a hair system which with light density the hairline should not be completely exposed and keep a
    
    simple hairstyle let people around you get used to you having hair on top suddenly if you're gonna change your hairstyle and trying to look too cool it will not look good the secret is keep it short keep it low density and keep it simple so our suggestion please keep it short please keep it simple keep the forehead big maintain the receding hairline try to make it look completely natural and don't go for a heavy density hair system so we'll be starting the consultation in a while so please keep
    
    some pictures ready and what you can do is you can go to the American headline Instagram page and try to choose some hairstyles and take a screenshot of the pictures that you like so we'll get an idea what kind of hairstyles do you like this will give us some an idea so we'll try to give you a demo as well so that you at least get some idea that how the hair system would look of course these demo pieces will not give you the accurate result because these are not designed for you this is just to give
    
    you a little idea and then we can design the hair system for you well I've covered most of the points so a before we start with the consultation you can let us know whether you prefer a clip-on one or a stick on one because I've already told you the pros and cons second you can tell us that what kind of hairstyle do you prefer because I've already told you the pros and cons of a thicker high density hair system and a lower density hair system you can also tell us about what kind of hair system do you like do you like the low density
    
    with less life or do you prefer the high density with the life being more fourth you can keep your pictures ready and you can take a screenshot of the hairstyle that you like on the Instagram American hairline page and we will just start with the consultation in a bit thank you so much
    
Video name = Pre-Consultation (AHL)

    Welcome to American [Music] Airlines! Now that you’re here for a consultation, you probably have a lot of questions. So, in this video, we’re going to cover some common questions you might have before the consultation starts. This way, you can give us some direction about your exact needs. 

Let’s kick things off with the first point: Clip-on or stick-on? You might be confused about whether to go with a clip-on or a stick-on. Each has its own pros and cons.
    
    There are pros and cons to both options, and I’ll try to explain the benefits of clip-ons versus stick-ons. First, let’s talk about the advantages and disadvantages of clip-ons. The first point is that you don’t need to shave your head. You can just clip them on where you have hair. If you want a bit more volume and you're in the early stages of hair loss, clip-ons can be a good choice since shaving isn’t necessary. Another plus is that you don’t have to come in for maintenance every month.
    
    "You can actually do the servicing at home, and you can also take it off and put it back on whenever you want. So, you get two benefits: you don’t have to shave, and you don’t have to go somewhere for servicing. Now, if we talk about the cons, if you need a really secure hair system, the clip-on isn’t going to be that secure because it’s held in place by clips. For example, if you want to go swimming, you probably won’t be able to do that with a clip-on; you might need to wear a swim cap to keep it secure."
    
    A lot of people want to sleep with it on, of course. You've probably gone on trips with friends or family for a few days, and you can wear it then. It might be a bit uncomfortable, but you can't wear a clip-on hair system regularly. So, those are the pros and cons of clip-ons. Now, let's talk about the pros and cons of stick-ons. If you want a completely natural hairline and a fully secure hair system that you don’t have to take off at night, then stick-ons are the way to go.
    
    You can go for the stick-on option, which means they shave the top area and then attach the hair system using medicated tapes and glue. You need to be comfortable with shaving your hair. The second point is that you should be okay with getting it serviced, because during servicing, the whole patch is removed, your scalp is cleaned, and the base is also cleaned before we stick it back on. If you're comfortable coming in for servicing every month or if you want to learn to do it yourself, that's also an option.
    
    You can consider a turkey; otherwise, chicken isn't the right option for you. Once we start the consultation, you can let us know if you prefer clip-on or stick-on [music]. It was really great! I liked the whole process from start to finish and felt like a new person. The next point is the natural hairline. Now, obviously, we all want a natural hairline, but let me explain that a natural hairline has very low density, and its base is really thin. It's made from HD lace, so...
    
    Maintenance can get pretty expensive because the base created in the front hairline can’t hold up for too long; it might last about three months at most. The part beyond that can’t be taped down, only glued. But if you use glue, it doesn’t have much holding capacity, so in those cases, you’ll need to get it serviced every 7 to 10 days. This means you have to take it out, reapply the glue, and put it back on. So, if you’re thinking about maintenance...
    
    Only choose a natural hairline if you feel comfortable with it. If you’re okay with the hair system lasting a while, then go for the natural hairline; otherwise, it might not be the right choice. Keep doing this; it really promotes and reviews well. So I thought, let’s stick with this. Basically, you want a system that lasts long and looks natural, but those are two opposite things. Let me explain why a system can look natural.
    
    It seems like the points make the base really thin, which is great because when this thin base sits on the scalp, it looks super natural and allows for full breathability. The second thing is that its density is pretty low. The density of the strands that are applied to the base is also quite minimal, which is why it feels natural on the sides and back. It definitely doesn’t look like you’ve got a head full of hair, and that’s what makes it look real. Another point is that because the knots are small...
    
    Hair implants are done by hand, and when they're tied in, the knots aren't visible, which makes it look really natural from the top area. Now, let’s talk about the base. The base is thick, right? If you look at this base and compare it to another one, you’ll see it’s thicker. Now, what’s the priority of this? Basically, it’s meant for men who want the system to last longer—like six months, nine months, or even a year. So, these bases are very sturdy and strong, but they aren't super breathable or comfortable, obviously. Now, let's move on to the second point.
    
    The number of strands in something, for example, if there are just 15,000 strands, that translates to about 303,000 stands. Now, if you see, the number of stands is really, really high. Because of this, the lifespan obviously increases since there are more stands. But when you wear that, it’s going to feel heavier, and if you’re okay with that transition and don’t mind that it feels heavy, then that’s fine. We always suggest starting with a lower density for your first one.
    
    "Low density means less hair on a thin base. Once you get used to it and the people around you adapt, then you can probably start and move to a thicker density that will last longer. The third point is about knots. If you tie a hair to something, you usually make two to three knots. The bottom knot becomes really strong, but because it's strong, it creates a black dot that doesn't really look natural. So, basically, these are the two comparisons. I hope you understood the difference between the thin base."
    
    The thick base and thin base don't last as long because the priority is to make it look natural. The thin base has fewer hairs and is completely breathable, making it super lightweight. It's way more comfortable and looks more natural because if you have hair loss on the sides and back, suddenly adding something with high density won’t look natural at all. Plus, the knots are really thin. Now, when it comes to the thick base, it has a much thicker base with a lot more strands, and the knots are much thicker too, which is why it’s different.
    
    So, it becomes a pretty strong base, but according to us, it doesn’t really look very natural. What you should ideally do is start with a thinner base first. The first base you use should be something like this—you get used to it, and let the people around you get used to it too. I understand it might not be super cost-effective in the long run, so I suggest starting with a thinner one. If you start with that thinner one, what happens is you’ll gradually transition. Let’s say you have 5,000 hairs on your head.
    
    "By adding this, it went up to 15,000, but doing it this way could push it to 25,000 or even 30,000, which would be way too much. So our suggestion is to start with that one thin base and then gradually change it. Your first system is really important because you can't jump straight from zero to 100. You start from zero, then go to 20, and slowly build up. So that will be a gradual transition. The first system might not be as effective, but I still feel like starting with a thinner one and letting people get used to it is the way to go."
    
    After that, if you feel like it, you can always go for a thicker one if you're having issues with your hair and managing it. It's not necessary that you have to go anywhere; if you're struggling with your hair, you can use this. Just give it a couple of years. The next point is about desired hairstyle consultation. Before we start, we kindly request that you do a bit of research. If you can dig up some old pictures, it would really help us understand how your hair used to look, what your hairstyle was like, how your hairline was, and what your texture was like.
    
    Density is what gives us an idea. However, we suggest not showing very old pictures, like ones from 15 or 12 years ago, because they’ll feel really outdated. You probably won’t be able to see them well now since your density has reduced on the sides and back. So, you can show pictures that are maybe 5 or 7 years old, so we can look back a bit. The density from way back won’t match obviously, since your density on the sides and back has also decreased. And then there’s your temple area, which is...
    
    The area is already set up, and when we plan these systems, we focus on the top area. We have to consider how the temple area syncs with that plan. So, we might need to keep your forehead a bit higher. It could be that your forehead started lower years ago, but since your temple has moved back, this point will also start further back. Don’t expect it to look exactly the same, or you might be disappointed. Our suggestion regarding the hairstyle is to aim for a slightly lower density.
    
    Choose a hair system with not too thick density. It might look good in pictures, but in person, it might not suit you. Try to keep the hairstyle simple and the length short, especially since it's your first hair system and people haven't seen your hair yet. The shorter and simpler you keep it, the better it will look. Later, in phase two or three, if you want to go for a heavier density or experiment with styles, you can do that.
    
    When choosing a hairstyle, try to keep it short, keep it simple, and keep the density low. Maintain your receding hairline; don’t go too short in front. If you consider these points, your hair system will look pretty natural. Your consultation is about to start, so please have those pictures ready to show us. That way, we can get an idea of what you can do with an American hairline and what your preferred hairstyle is. Based on that, we can suggest some options for you.
    
    Sure! Here’s the translated text:

"You probably want to know how long it will take. Generally, a semi-custom unit takes about 20 to 30 days, while a fully customized one usually takes around 3 to 3.5 months. If you have a wedding or an event coming up and need it within 7 to 10 days, you can let the technician know. First, you'll need to discuss your specifications, and then you can ask the technician if it can be done in 7 to 10 days. They’ll input your specifications into the system."
    
    "We'll check with the company and the back-end team, and they'll confirm whether it can arrive in 7 to 10 days or not. Usually, there's a $40 charge if you need delivery within that time frame. If you don’t need it urgently, then the delivery time is 20 to 30 days. If you do need it urgently, you can discuss it with the technician. Your consultation is about to start, so we request that you let our technician know whether you prefer a clip-on or a stick-on, and what your hair style preference is."
    
    Do you prefer a low-density hair system or a high-density one? How long do you need that hair system for? Our hair technicians can consult with you and give you the right direction and suggestions. Thank you so much! And I'm hopeful about starting from the time I step into American Airlines. Everything has been seamless. Thank you, American! [Music] Ella.
    
Video name = Fully Customized and  Semi Customized Hair Patches in India.

    I'm going to explain the difference between semi-customized and fully customized options in this video so you can make an informed decision. Let me break it down in simple terms to make it easier for you to understand. So, the difference between semi-customized and fully customized is this: for example, let’s say you’re buying a pair of pants and the sizes are 28, 30, 32. A lot of times, everyone gets the exact same sizes.
    
    Sizes aren't fixed, so for example, if someone has a 31 and a half inch measurement, it would be rounded up to 32 inches, and then we alter it down by half an inch to make it fit 30 inches. Similarly, these are usually semi-customized units that are readily available, and we make slight adjustments based on the client's retirement needs. As for fully customized options, those are made entirely from scratch. Basically, if you're looking to get a kurta made, you might have some specific preferences, but we can tweak it a bit here and there.
    
    You can make alterations, but sometimes when there's a wedding, Diwali, or Eid, you'll often end up making a kurta. We know what the textures are like in India, what the base reports are. We keep around 80% ready with various combinations of densities and colors so we can deliver quickly. Then, when we take your specifications, we see which one matches closest to our existing stock. And just so you know, when it comes to fully customizing, we consider your hair density, variations in density, and texture.
    
    Your gray hair color base can be customized for everything, so when it comes to a fully customized option, every single strand is tailored to your needs. If you have the time and the budget isn’t an issue, fully customized is definitely a solid choice. Now, let’s talk about the pros and cons of semi-customized versus fully customized. The biggest point with semi-customized is that...
    
    Usually, your delivery time is shorter, maybe around 7 to 25 days, and at most, it takes about 30 days for your semi-customized order to be ready. That's because we've got the basics sorted out and have different color options available. We usually keep around 10,000 units in stock every month, so it's pretty easy for you to find the right match. Plus, another benefit is that it's comparatively cheaper than fully customized options since it's available in bulk. So, you're saving on costs.
    
    Sure, let’s dive into some points about fully customized options. Obviously, the cost is higher because these are made-to-order from scratch. For example, if you're printing cards, if we print 100 cards, the cost per card goes down. But if you’re printing one card at a time, the cost definitely goes up. So, fully customized options will have a higher bill, especially when it comes to the delivery period, since we start everything from the ground up. There’s no base to work from.
    
    No, it hasn't happened yet. The timeline for this is a minimum of three months. Usually, for a fully customized one, it takes around 90 days. If someone says they can do a fully customized one in 10 or 20 days, that's impossible because these systems are basically handmade. So, obviously, it takes a lot of time to create them. With fully customized options, your cost will be higher, and the timeline will be longer. So, don’t rush into it. If you’re looking for a system, you probably don’t have that much time, and you should consider that.
    
    Get it done properly within 30 days, then semi-customize it. This is good if you don’t have any time pressure, and cost isn’t a concern. You can go for a fully customized option because fully custom takes longer and costs more. Usually, when we take your specifications, around 85% of the details are always covered. It’s ready for semi-customization to start with a decent option. You can see the cost and the time. Start working on it one step at a time. You can start wearing it and gradually make changes if you feel the specifications need a little tweaking.
    
    You can go for the second unit, but our suggestion is to aim for the date. Try to go for all the customized options because you'll find most of the specifications there. If you can get into the second or third option, that’s great. Always discuss this with your consultant and find out what your requirements are. Ask them if you can get what you need in the semi-customized option. If you can, definitely go for the semi-customized one; it's a good choice. Should I go for a semi-customized option in this case? What do you suggest? Please feel free to WhatsApp me.
    
    "Send us your pictures from the side, back, and top. We can analyze them and set up a video consultation with you. During the consultation, you can tell us what you need, and the consultant will guide you on the best options available. You can discuss everything with the consultant, and they’ll help you figure out the right choices. This can be done in a semi-customized way, or you can place a fully customized order. Just send us your pictures at 922-666-311 and let’s analyze them together."
    
    "If you have any questions about the consultation, feel free to reach out. They can get back to you if you still have other questions regarding semi-customized or fully customized options. Just drop a comment in the comment box, and we'll read your message and try to reply. If you need more detailed videos, we’ll make an effort to create one on that as well. Our goal is to help you feel comfortable with the system and make sure you understand that it’s all about achieving a natural appearance. We strongly believe you need to grasp this."
    
    It feels a bit static, and that acidic sense tells you what you should like. Unfortunately, when it feels too weak or has heavy density, it always comes off as unnatural. So just make sure your concert has a basic static stance, and then you can arrange things accordingly. Thank you very much! Please subscribe to American Airlines, and let us know what videos you’d like to watch. We’ll try to make such videos and educate you more about non-surgical hair replacement and hair transplants. Thanks!
    
Video name = Hair Transplant VS Hair System - Which Is Better And Why_ _ Pros & Cons

    in this video we're going to explain basically what are the pros and cons of non-surgical hair replacement and then probably once you have more information it will be easier for you to take a decision whether you should consider a non-surgical hair replacement or not if you're somebody who's losing hair and there's a point where you feel that the medicines are not working no oil is working and then you start considering different options you start considering a surgical option and you start consuming a non-surgical option
    
    now surgical would be something like a hair transplant and a non-surgical would be wherein there is no surgery and there are these hair systems which are stuck to your scalp now obviously when you're doing your research you would like to know that one of the benefits of non-surgical hair replacement what are the corn so in this video both as far as the non-surgical hair replacement is concerned non-surgical hair replacement for people who don't know basically it's a hair station which is stuck on the scalp
    
    or it's clipped to your hair so i'm going to begin with the cons first let's talk about the negative part of non-surgical hair replacement now in non-surgical hair replacement there are two options one is a sticking one and one is a clip-on one when you're doing a non-surgical hair replacement and the sticking one you have to shave off the head on the top area now if you're somebody who is not comfortable you can probably go for a clip on one then you don't need to shave off the head but then clip on you're
    
    going to wear it every morning you can remove it every night another con i would say that if you're doing a stick on one or you will have to go for servicing you have to service the hair system every 20-25 days now what this means is obviously you want to stay and once you stick the air system the hair inside still keeps growing because the follicles are right inside so the hair keeps growing and then after a point you would want to remove it clean it add new tape shave off that area again and fix it back again
    
    now this is called the servicing part now in non-surgical you cannot prolong the service you have to get it done probably minimum 20 days and maximum maybe 30 days so this is one of the things if you're somebody who's not comfortable with the servicing part in a stick on one then maybe non-surgical therapy won't be the right option [Music] spoken about the cons now let's talk about the pros as well let's take one point at a time let's begin with confidence so you must be thinking obviously that it's affecting your
    
    confidence but i would like to share it with you that we've been doing this for many years now and the kind of stories we hear it's kind of shocking so hair loss can really destroy a man's confidence initially we used to get 40 plus 45 plus but now we've seen a major shift in the last couple of years i would say that men are losing hair at the age of 24 23 and these are young guys and obviously whether you're young or older once you lose your hair you kind of lose your confidence as well so as far as non-surgical replacement is
    
    concerned i feel that it will immediately boost your confidence uh more than anything you will feel good about yourself you know now go back when you had your hair used to feel extremely confident and now when you've lost your hair you obviously feel less confident you probably would not feel like going out you probably would not like to socialize much so i feel hair plays a very important role as far as your confidence is concerned i think once you wear the hair system and once you have hair on your head you
    
    instantly feel confident you feel good about yourself one of the pros i would say that there is obviously no pain no bleeding so this is for people who basically don't want to get into transplant they don't want to go through a surgery by no means i say that transplant is bad a lot of people can consider transplant as an option but a lot of times there's a lot of fear and people don't want to go for a transplant in such cases this would be an excellent option because obviously there is no surgery as such you just
    
    need to shave up the head and the system gets stuck to your scalp no side effects so obviously when it comes to a non-surgical hair replacement there is no surgery there are no oral medications so obviously it's much much safer and also the tapes or the glue that we use which we basically applied on the scalp are all medically graded and these are basically meant for the scalp so they are absolutely safe so as far as side effects are concerned there are zero side effects when it comes to a non-surgical hair replacement
    
    it's reversible now what it means is let's say you've considered a hair system and then you've got it fixed as well now god forbid there's a point where you feel that you know no i'm not really comfortable i don't want to wear this and i'm finding it difficult to maintain or any such issue you can conveniently remove it and your hair which you achieve will obviously grow back again so it's completely reversible at any point get the density you desire now what this means is a lot of times you are in a
    
    studio where should i do a hair transplant or should i do a hair system now you need to understand that transplant has certain limitations as far as the density is concerned now when it comes to hair transplant the hair from the area the back is taken and it's implanted in the front now if you're somebody who do not have a good toner area on the sides of the back and the area on the top is large then that transplant will not be successful we get thousands of transplant patients who've come to us and they are not happy
    
    with the transplant not because the hair transplant was bad the reason why they were not happy with it because they did not get the desired volume so you obviously when you're considering a transplant you don't know whether you should take two thousand three thousand five thousand strands now you will obviously go by what the surgeon says and says that you know what we can add five thousand strands and it will probably give you the density that you want but understand transplant is a good option if you want to cover certain
    
    areas but if you feel that your donor area is less your hair is very thin and there is major hair loss on top area transplant will never give you that thick density unless your density on the sides is excellent and your hair loss area is small and your hair shaft the thickness of the hair is thick but in non-surgical air replacement we do not have any restriction let's say your hair loss area is huge and the transplant you have limitations of 5000 strands but your actual requirement was probably 30 000
    
    strikes which is technically impossible to transplant so what we do is we put those 30 000 strands in the hair system and give you the desired density so non-surgical is an excellent option if you want to increase the density so if you're somebody who likes a lot of density and want the hair to look glamorous then definitely only transplant may not be a good one so i think i've given you all a basic idea as soon as part of the non-surgical hair replacement are concerned and if you still have any questions or if you have
    
    any queries you can probably call us online you can call up our executives there's a link below you can also fill up the consultation form you can fill up your details and it will help us understand you better and then probably we can guide you what is the right option for you thank you so much and subscribe to american airline thank you
    
Video name = Cancer Wigs Tie Up (Alchemane)

    so this video is basically for wigs these are cancer wigs so we usually tie up with doctors oncologists cancer hospitals so in this video I'm just going to tell you all that how do you pitch it to the cancer doctors so now this will be divided into two parts so first you will call them up two kinds of people that you'll be talking to one let's say you are talking to the oncologist and you will be talking to the hospital so when you're calling them up the first call you got to call them up and tell them that let's say you're
    
    calling a clinic or an oncologist you will call them up and tell them that hi can I speak to Dr Ramesh so they would say yes he's not around most of the doctors are not at the clinic yes could you tell me what is it regarding so you'll tell them that ma'am actually my brand name is Aline and we manufacture these very natural looking wigs so regarding the same we wanted to fix up a meeting with doctor so is it possible ma'am or basically you know we could do these video call so video call I'll be
    
    doing in initially so that you all can watch those video calls and then understand that how you can pitch it anyways you all don't go on video call you all can do it in person only so when you call them up you tell them hi I'm calling from Aline and we manufacture these very natural looking wigs for cancer patients so regarding the same we wanted to fix up a meeting then the doctor may not be available you'll ask them that ma'am could you tell me when is it possible to meet them so once the goal of the call is basically give them
    
    a brief information about what you do and then fixing up it meeting with them now in the meeting probably you'll be meeting or your colleague will be meeting so when when you meet to understand that what is going to be the context once you meet because then you have to speak a lot of technical things about so let's go to part two wherein you're meeting in person and this information you can give on call as well so when you meet them you tell them that hi I'm from Aline we are a Mumbai based company we manufacture these very high
    
    and very natural looking cancer wigs and in fact we've kind of you know supplied to sonali bendre and a lot of celebrities as well and you know we specialize in these so the Bas that we make are these very medicated ones and these wigs are made of of very high quality which is like 100% human air these are not machine made these are all handmade so they look very very natural they have a natural Airline so do so we create a lot of videos on YouTube as well you can watch these and the reason why I'm here is usually we get like
    
    hundreds of these cancer patients they come to us and they get these wig from them so we understand that their confidence is usually completely low when they start losing their hair or when they get to know that you know they're going through a chemo theapy in such cases you know when they go for these very regular wigs they don't feel very confident because unfortunately the wigs that we get in the market they are very low quality and they don't feel good about them you know so that's the reason we do these slightly premium wigs
    
    so that they feel good about them themselves during that phase you know because I understand doctor that when you all suggest chemotherapy or any of these treatments your goal is to save their lives but hair may not be very important for you all but for the woman it's extremely important so that's why you know when so many times when these cancer patients come to us and they're saying that we are okay with the pain of that chemotherapy and all I'm okay with the weakness I'm not okay with me losing
    
    my hair so Doc it's that important for us it's that important for them that is the reason you know we just try to develop a lot of these natural looking products explain a little bit about the products tell them a little more more about that how natural are these if possible you can take these samples as well and show them and show them some videos also on YouTube so this is the videos that we do these are the testimonials that we have we create a lot of content once you show them the content then you can tell them that sir
    
    uh what I suggest is you can take down my number and if there is anybody you know who's looking for these cancer ways you can please let us know we would be happy to help them and if you want I can just probably arrange a brochure or if you need anything from my end I can send you on WhatsApp you can forward it to probably you know your manager your assistant or you can also forward it to your client when you come across they'll ask you about the pricing say that the pricing usually starts from 30,000
    
    onwards so they may say that no these are very expensive and usually you know these clients can't afford so tell them that sir I understand but see the lower ones they are not very happy with so we are slightly so we try to do these very very high quality hair wigs because you know the lower ones honestly they are cheaper but they don't look good so most of these reject these pieces you know so these are meant for the cancer patients who don't mind paying little extra but they want their wigs to look natural you
    
    know so usually the range is around 30,000 to 60,000 so you give them a pricing range and explain that why are these expensive and why you've come out with these expensive wigs because women want these wigs to look natural and when they are cheaper they don't look as natural now there'll be two situations one the doctor will say oh let me know and I'll let you know and they won't show much interest so you have to make sure that uh sir what I'll do is can I just have your number I'll forward you
    
    some videos as well and you can save my number and if at all you come across anybody you can just forward these videos because these are very educational informative videos it will be very helpful for the cancer patient as well because we've explained that how to take care of this wig when should you buy the wig how do we take the measurement they have a lot of questions so we've made a series of videos so when you meet them in person your ultimate goal is that exchange numbers your number should go in doctor's phone
    
    because otherwise you'll just meet them they'll say I'll let you know and there wouldn't be any contact and you should end up forwarding the all those videos to them you know that should be your goal and then of course there will be two types of doctors there would be one who said yes they are genuine and they'll say oh I don't mind I'll forward it to my patients there would be other type of doctors who would probably expect some kind of commission now you can't ask these doctors directly that commission so you have have to take that
    
    call while meeting if you feel that you know he's somebody who's looking for some kind of Revenue share or something you can very politely asked so we share our profits also with few doctors a few oncologists so I don't know how it works with you so just say so that he doesn't feel offended but at the same time you made that point across that I don't mind doing a revenue sharing so that call you have to take it don't be very direct because he may not like it go very polite and say this is what we do with some doctors and I don't
    
    know like keep that pitch practice this he'll react in two ways he's say no no no I'll send definitely so now great doctor that's really really kind of you and uh that's really sweet of you so yeah our goal is also to help the cancer patients you know you've been one of the most kind doctors that I've come across praise them and then let you can close that meeting they may also tell you that okay Revenue sharing then you can tell them that usually the cost cost of these wigs is 60% let's say if 100 rupes car
    
    wig is there our cost is around 60% and basically the balance is 40% we keep that margins we share 50/50 of a gross margin for example if the wig is for 1,000 rupees and our cost is basically 600 rupees 400 is a gross margin and 200 we share with you and 100 we keep it for ourselves that's how it works doctor so explain it very politely Yes again the call you have to be very polite be very quick they will not give too much time because they always busy your iPad made that video should be ready and just show
    
    them very quickly exchange numbers forward them and make sure that your number gets saved in front of you only because you'll walk out of the clinic and then they'll say h take save I have a next client and you will lose that lead so go them forward their video and tell them that sir I'll just forward you could you just save my number you'll be able to watch the videos make sure he saves it in front of you once that is done your first job is done that he saved your number and then later on you can follow up with him you know so
    
    that's the context now you can watch this video multiple times make some points so that you understand the flow practice the introduction part understand the technical part like you have to say it's handmade it 100% human hair and he was going to ask you that why is it so expensive your answer should be ready it is made up of 100% human hair and this hair quality is very very high it looks very natural it gives you a natural hair liner as well we provide them after service was saying sub points make these points and then
    
    practice it watch this video multiple times at least 10 times and practice it once you have made it then we'll do a mock call we'll pretend to be the doctor and you'll do the call once you clear that test then you can start calling them out well that's it now start watching the video and start making notes and highlight them because in front of the doctor you won't have these points so break it up introduction of the company then who you are in the company what we do uh where are we from why Aline wigs why is it uh expensive
    
    keep these answers ready and end goal goal should be very clear that he should be able to save your number and immediately he should be able to watch those videos that's it thank you
    
Video name = Is a Clip On Hair System Suitable for you_ _ Non Surgical Hair Replacement in India

    Music A lot of time question arises that can i use clip on or am i right for it So when you come across these questions just remember these points if you need to do clip on you need to have hair on the sides and back if you have less or thin hair in sides and back then clip on is not right for you if you are comfortable wearing in morning or removing at night then only choose clip on advantages and disadvantages of clip on advantages of clip on is that no shaving of hair required second benefit is that no maintenance is required
    
    no monthly charges/no need to go to salon no tape or glue required you just have to shampoo and do conditioner to your hair at home So this is not that difficult but quite easy we will send you videos Where you will get an idea that how to wash and use conditioner of course its of delicate material so you have to handle with care and it is maintenance free second point is that you need not to shave and no need to go to salon but its an excellent option to those who have started experiencing hair loss
    
    for them clip on is best option since initially hair starts falling anyways you don't get bald so fast in such cases clip on really works well because the volume of hair lost it gives you the volume back and during this time you feel sort of comfort as it will give you the desired volume now negative points of clip on is that if you do swim regularly then you'll have to go for stick on and not clip on because for swimming clip on has to be removed of course you can wear swim cap there is no need to worry about that
    
    and a lot of time we are asked that how long clip on stayed usually clip on hair patch have a longer life span because they have less wear and tear it does not stick so approximately it lasts around 8-12 months it only becomes difficult when whenever we wash the hair its density keeps on reducing lets say your hair density has 50000 strands so it might become 45000 or in 4 months it will become 40000 or in 6 months it might become 30000 in this way the density gets reduced and within a year you have to change it
    
    but we have most clients who take good care in their case it approximately lasts more than a year by using clips will our existing hair fall or does it have some side effects or will hurt our natural hair clips is the safest method of application in this your hair won't fall hair on sides are very strong that is why it won't fall there will be no damage existing hair will also not be shaven also tape is not required so that is why it remains completely natural it will remain the same as how it grows naturally
    
    so that why clip is the safest method because there is no harm in it you can easily remove and easily wear it your existing hair won't get damaged will i get a natural hairline in clip on so if you have existing hair in the front then you will get a natural hairline and if you don't have hair in the front so as i said you will have see the method which i showed you in the video in which there are clips on the sides and in the front you will have to put tape by doing this you will get a natural hairline
    
    can i take a bath with it no we don't suggest that that you wear clip on and have bath its better you remove the clips keep the hair system aside do shampoo and natural dry by using dryer and then wear it the reason we say this beacuse it becomes discomfort when there is clip on you have the facility that you can remove it and wash it and then wear it so i think that when having bath or when going to sleep please remove it we're also asked that can you sleep wearing this yes of course you can sleep
    
    but we don't suggest because when sleeping its better you get free then if you sleep its better you remove and if you are on holidays or if 2-4 days you are out with friends on a holiday then it will a different situation in this case you can manage for 2-3 days you can wear clip on and sleep so that nobody comes to know but you should not do on regular basis can i work out of course you can work out using clip on because our bases are of breathable material so there is no issue in this but sometimes during work out
    
    we get a sort of discomfort so in this case if you remove and you wear a cap and then do work out it would be better and you will feel sort of comfort but with the question of doing work out with the hair system of course they are breathable and they don't release sweat no issue in this we're also asked from those who usually travel by bike and train on a daily basis a lot of people ask that after wearing will it come out no it will not come out at all because its clips are very secure if you even try to pull
    
    the hair will come out but not the piece so you don't need to worry about that it will be fully secure and it won't come out and yes initially you just have to practice as to how to wear it we will be sending you videos in which you will understand how to put clip on hair patch all our clip on clients put it by themselves it is not difficult at all if you keep practicing 4-5 times you will get to know it you won't have any problem with that another question is that that those who ride bike can wear helmet
    
    what are problems might come out of course you can wear a helmet there is no issue in that there is only one problem that the hair that you have styled as on a natural hair by wearing helmet it gets flat similarly in this also when you will wear this hair system then wear a helmet the hair will get flat so after removing helmet you will need put some effort so that you get the desired volume and do the styling that's it after that there is no problem what we want is that after wearing our hair system
    
    your self confidence increases and also if you have any questions regarding this so please comment your questions below so that we get an idea as which type of videos you want to see or if you want to have a personal video consultation then please call on 9222666111 in this our executives will provide with all the information as to what is right or wrong for you and what you need to do or don't have to do
    
Video name = Common Questions on Calls -1 (AHL)

    so this video is about American Airline customer service so we're going to discuss all the possible questions that you may come across while you take the American hairline calls where you guys are located sir our head office is in Mumbai we are located in car in Mumbai we do have a branch in Delhi and Bangalore as well and we visit other cities as well so may I know which city are you calling from so the most important thing the moment he'll ask for your city you have to find out that which city is he calling from
    
    let's break it up into these three categories one you need to ask them that okay which city are you calling from let's say he says Ranchi sir by any chance you happen to come to Mumbai very often or no you will get two answers one he may say that yeah I don't come to Mumbai at all or maybe I come once in a while so now you at least know before going further that does he come to Mumbai is he willing to come to Mumbai or no so your first goal is the moment he'll ask for City find out which city is he calling from and
    
    second does he come to Mumbai very often or does he have the willingness to come to Mumbai just in case he will have to place the order this point is very important are you in Bangalore or Delhi we've tied up with a salon in Bangalore and we have tied up with a clinic in Delhi so we are present in Bangalore and Delhi but we can give you a slotted purely appointments basis so if you need to meet sir then he's usually there once a month you have two options we can either do a video consultation through
    
    video consultation I can put you on to a technician or sir and he can take your video consultation or what we can do is he comes usually there once a week you can fix up and consultation with him I can provide you with the dates and then we can fix up a consultation you can meet him in person as well now two things a in such calls your goal should be only consultation book a video consultation or in person every call should have a goal just be clear that when somebody is calling up all these end of the day you should try to close
    
    this to a consultation either a video consultation or an in person consultation so again the answer is you will say that sir we are in Delhi do you think you would like to book a consultation or would you want me to help you with a consultation or do you come to Mumbai by any chance if he says no great sir no problem there are a lot of people who order online as well we have that online facility as well so you can order online the first step is you should take a video consultation so would you want me to help you with a
    
    video consultation which method should I go for so there are two options one is the clip-on method and the second one is the stick on method in the clip-on method you can wear it in the morning remove it in the night you don't need to shave off your head and in the stick on method of course you know you need to come for the servicing every 20 25 days when you talk about stick on again you will try to find out that what signal is he giving is he more inclined towards the stick on or a clip on if he's more inclined
    
    towards the stick on then you will say that sir actually if he is not from Bombay then definitely try to push them for a clip-on once because he will ask you that should I go for extra con one or clip on one if he is not somebody who can come to Bombay Delhi or Bangalore you will try to push him for the clip-on one in the clip-on one you will tell them that sir since you're wearing it for the first time why don't you start with the clip-on one wear it for a few months then you can probably start with
    
    a stick on one so your goal is if he somebody who is willing to come to Mumbai or who's from Mumbai you can say that you come for the consultation and clip on and stick on both are a good option if he is not from Bangalore Delhi and Mumbai then try to basically push him for a clip-on one if he's very very sure of chicken then you can say that no problem sir chikon is also a good option it's just that you will have to look for a technician who can fix it I can also help from our end but you can also find
    
    out if you know some technician in your city what is price of your hair system so the pricing I'll just give you a range the pricing of the hair system with charts from 28 000 to 58 000 this is just to give you an idea of course it totally depends on your requirement what base are you taking if there any kind of customization a gray hair that we need to add so lot of consideration sir we suggest it will be very difficult for me to give you an exact pricing but you usually just to give you an idea it
    
    starts from 28 000 and maybe a semi-customized one should cost you around 40 000 and a full leave should be around fifty fifty two thousand sir actually what I suggest is why don't you send me the pictures and let me study the pictures and after that if you are comfortable with a video consultation that would be great so we'll understand your case and then we can tell you which is the right option for you what is the price for a hairline sir the hairline pricing is from 12 000 to 15 000 and he'll obviously ask you that how long
    
    does it last the life of the hairline one totally depends on how thin is the base we usually suggest a thin one only because it's in the hairline area so it looks more natural so we suggest a thin one and a thin one will probably last for three to four hundred months however sir and on the phone it will be very difficult for me hence why don't you book a video consultation you are in Mumbai or if you somebody who can come to Mumbai why don't you drop in for a consultation it will be easier for us to
    
    explain it in person again the goal your closing technique should always be consultation consultation and consultation can I consult and get it done the same day of course you can get it done but honestly step one what I suggest is why don't you send us your pictures and let me understand the case also if you have a list of questions you can send me those list of questions let me understand the entire case I will discuss with my technical team as well and then I can let you know if you can get it done on the same day or no in the
    
    meanwhile if you want to book a quick video consultation would be great this will give us this will help us understand what are you exactly looking for and we will be in a better position to tell you that whether we can deliver a hair system on the same day or no so sir if possible shall I book a video consultation for you how long does the clip-on hair system last so the life of the clip-on totally depends on the density of the hair the amount of hair which is there on the base and the thickness of the base but just to give
    
    you an approximate idea usually a thin one would last probably around five to six months but we add more hair it would probably last for a year as well or even more so sir it would be very difficult for me to tell you what is the exact life because as of now I don't know what is the density and you know what base would you want hence what I suggested if you could just send me the pictures let me understand your case and we can probably let you know then what I suggest is why don't you book a video
    
    consultation or if you are in Mumbai why don't you drop in here we will understand your case and we'll definitely let you know what would be the exact cost is stick on hair system life different than clip on hair system sir yes stick on usually the life is slightly lesser than the clip-on one purely because the stick on one you usually there's a lot of wear and tear because it's 24x7 on the head so obviously there's a lot of wear and tear and the hair also false that is the reason the life of the stick on one is
    
    comparatively lesser than the clip-on one purely because there is less wear and tear in the clip on one because you don't shower with it you don't sleep with it so just to give you an approximate idea if it's a thin base it may last for maybe three to four months and if it's a thicker base and thicker density maybe around five to six months in the stick on case so every three months I have to buy a new patch actually totally depends on the number of strands that we put on the base and the thickness of the base so
    
    honestly if you take a thin base that's if you have very little density on the sides and the back then yes there will be less hair I mean the life would be less maybe around three to four months sir but honestly what we suggest is there are other system which probably last for six seven months as well and what we suggest is you know you can probably start with a thinner density one because your first one is the most important one so you can start with a thinner density one and then of course you know your next one we can give you a
    
    base which is slightly thicker so your life of the system will obviously get better because we'll add more hair in the second one so our suggestion you can start off with a thin base yes the life may be less but it will look more natural again these like I said that it's better you start with the low density one first because there should not be like a dramatic difference in what you have today and then after wearing the hair system your hair system is too expensive I have another options which are cheaper so why
    
    should I go with your hair system sir just to give you an idea there are a lot of hair systems in the market I can talk about our hair system sir so in our hair system these are not made here these are not made locally secondly in terms of knotting in terms of the base in terms of the density all of this is completely high end and these are designed in such a way to make it look more natural usually the ones which are locally made or these are machine made ones when there is not 100 human hair the caution
    
    of course gets lower but honestly when you use 100 human hair in in fact sir in human hair also there are a lot of qualities so when you choose the double drawn Remy Hair obviously the flow of the hair the look and feel of the hair is much better so these are the factors and also these are all handmade one these are all single strand implant what it means is at one point only one strand is knotted so it just makes it look way more natural and all these Hair Systems are completely breathable so there's a
    
    huge difference in the quality but sir if the budget is a concern I can also show you the 28 000 one of course they may not be as natural but if budget are concerned I can still show you something that probably starts from 28 000 so what I suggest is Sir why don't you drop in for a consultation or basically a book in a video consultation you can send us the list of questions we can discuss with the technician and then we can book a consultation that will basically clear all your queries as I mentioned I'm not
    
    from Mumbai so how will my service happen for the stick on patch sir this is a very good question so you have two options one we usually suggest that once you wear it you should definitely learn how to do it yourself so just to give you an example you know when you don't know how to drive you'll always be dependent on somebody else to take you places but when you know how to drive you are not dependent on anybody similarly sir if the server as far as the servicing is concerned it's much better if you learn how to do it
    
    yourself because once you know it you won't be dependent on any technician so we will provide you with all the materials all the tapes glues whatever is required we can make a kit and give it to you but sir you need to understand that once you learn you will be free from this for Life otherwise every month you will be dependent on somebody to fix it answer just to give you an idea the fair systems are very natural looking and very fragile so you know honestly in my imagine you had an expensive car you
    
    know if the driver is driving obviously he's not going to take care of the potholes but when you're driving it you will obviously take a lot of care of your expensive car similarly these Hair Systems are very delicate because they are meant to look natural so if you basically take care of them they would even last longer but usually these regular technicians they are not very trained with these thinner bases hence we do not suggest however this option two is you can definitely get it done from somebody else some technician
    
    locally as well we will try to find out through any of our climb that if we could help you out with the technician or you can find somebody we can train them how to do it and we can definitely send you all the products so we can find the way out don't worry about that sir a lot of people do it themselves also and locally also you can find out stick on batter or clip on how do I choose sir in terms of a stick on stick on has his own pros and cons stick on gives you a lot more secure grip you don't have to
    
    have to remove it you don't have to wear it I mean you don't have to remove and wear it every now and then so honestly it's not good or bad it's totally what you prefer there are some who are very very comfortable with the clip-on one they can wear and remove it whenever they want to while sleeping they are not wearing any hair system again they don't need to come for maintenance so if these points basically are like positive points for you then you can probably choose the clip-on one if you're
    
    somebody who doesn't want that headache or removing it and fixing it every day then you can go for the stick on one the only corn I would say you have to get it serviced every 25 days and if that's not very important point for you then definitely you can go for a stick on one and if you want something which is less maintenance and you can wear it in the morning remove it in the night clip-on is a better option for you so the choice is yours however sir I suggest that why don't you go for a consultation any
    
    conversation should end with a consultation conversion just wanted to know what different type of basis that you have sir in terms of basis we have a lot of bases like there are full laces will Swiss lace HD lace skin base so honestly there are a lot of bases for me to explain the technical part would be a little difficult honestly because you know it's not practically possible for me to explain so many different bases but what I suggest is if you can tell us we would like to understand more what
    
    are you looking for I'll be in a better position because there are a lot of fermentation of combinations in terms of you know do you want it breathable do you want it more comfortable do you want a skin base so once I get an idea uh after the consultation I'll be able to definitely suggest that what is the right option for you how long does it takes for the delivery to happen if I book an order so in terms of delivery there are I'll just give you an approximate idea in terms of delivery it usually takes around 15 to 25 days
    
    and if it's a fully customized one it would take around three months so sir may I know that uh are you looking for a hair system anytime soon so very important the moment he asks time you will have to ask the question that are you looking for a hair system anytime soon within a week or within a month and then they say no I'm not in a hurry I was just inquiring then you know that this lead is not very hot so I'm already wearing a hair patch what patches do you have so sir we have different kind of bases
    
    we have the full lace the edgy lace we have the Swiss lace and the skin base sir actually it will be very difficult for me to answer that question What I suggest is since you're wearing one already can I know that where did you buy this hair system then it will say that okay I got it from a local guy second sir may I know what was the approximate cost of this third can you send me the pictures I would like to study the hair system no I'm already wearing one you said know that please send me the picture of the base once I
    
    understand it it will be easier for me to tell you that which will be the right base for you I'm not from India can you ship International of course sir in fact you can find out sir which country are you calling from they may say Dubai us any of these countries let's say they said that I'm calling from New York sir actually we have a lot of Indians calling from New York and they place the order of course in U.S it is expensive so we usually design these in Indian hair so yes we do ship a lot of orders to New York to a
    
    lot of cities in U.S it's very very common these are by and large Indians who've settled down there so that don't worry at all we do it on a regular basis once we know your specification we can definitely dispatch in fact we can completely give you a ready to wear unit and you can fix it there wanted to know do you have any Emi options so we do have an Emi option for that we will need certain documents what I can do is I'll just explain how it works let's say if the pricing is around 40 000 you may have to pay the down payment
    
    of 10 000 and we will give you a contact who handles the Emi option payment you can definitely contact them we will need six months bank statements and certain documents from your end what I suggest is if you are sure you can start with a video consultation and then we can decide what system are you looking for then it will be easier for me to give you the exact code and then we can basically put you on to the person who can get your Emi done so again the goal I am pushing them to consultation can I get a hair patch with a natural
    
    hairline yes sir of course you can get a hair system with a natural hairline so just to give you an idea usually the natural hairline Hair Systems with natural hairline are usually low in density the net is very very thin so it definitely looks natural but the life is less it would probably last for maybe just three months or four months so would that be okay with you let's say if he says yes then he's a good candidate if he says no no no I want longer life but I want natural so you need to understand that
    
    why does the hairline look natural because the base is very very thin and there is less hair so obviously what happens is when you fix them it looks very natural but the moment we thicken the base and put more hair it is not going to look as natural so it's honestly natural appearance and life of the hair system are inversely proportional if the natural if the front hairline looks very natural the life will be less and if the life is more the hairline will not look natural it's as simple as that however sir it will be
    
    very difficult for me to explain what I suggest a consultation for the stick on patch can I do the servicing myself sir you can definitely do it in fact we have hundreds of clients who do the servicing themselves we can definitely help you with all the products that you require of course you need to practice a bit what I suggest is you know what you can do is you can you can buy two units that's what most people do you can keep two units one you're wearing it and the day when you're removing your first one
    
    your second one can be ready so you can alternate between these two units and like this you will be able to service it yourself as well and you will get another system to practice it initially three four times you will find it tough but with time you will get it so don't worry sir can I know how does the video consultation works in video consultation you will have to send us your pictures you will have to send us some all the possible questions that you have regarding non-surgical Hair Replacement regarding your case and
    
    you can send me the list of questions we will then email it to Sir or our senior technician they will go through it I will give you a slot convenient for both of you it will be a half an hour consultation wherein all the questions that you sent me now will all be answered so after the consultation we will be able to even tell you the exact cost of your hair system and then we can take it from there to have servicing in my city sir as of now we can do it in Mumbai Bangalore and Delhi however if you tell
    
    Miss your exact City I will definitely discuss with my team and find out if I can help you out with a technician in your city because we do have quite a few clients in your city so I'll definitely give me some time I'll definitely find out but sir honestly what I suggest is I think if you learn it yourself also it's not a bad option at all because you'll learn how to service it and you won't be dependent on anybody so basically try to push them to do it themselves just wanted to ask I do a lot of
    
    swimming so will the system come off during swimming or because of water Sir with the swimming definitely the hair system won't come out because we use the Walker tape these are like very very high in terms of quality and these are meant for the scalp so it doesn't come off but definitely sir swimming will make the hair dry so we do not suggest swimming with the hair system what you can do is you can wear a swimming cap or you can apply conditioning then wear a swimming Cup this will protect the hair from drying
    
    out also what you can do is if you're planning to swim with the hair system you can probably get the servicing done and then do it don't swim let's say day one you fix it and the 25th day obviously the tape has become loose so in that case we do not recommend on the 23rd 24th day to swim because obviously the tapes are loose by then but otherwise you can fully swim with it but like I said the hair goes dry so please avoid it it was concerned actually I sweat a lot so will it cause any kind of infection
    
    or irritation on my skin sir that is one of the most common questions that we have so just let me tell you that usually the basis that we use are completely breathable so in fact when you take a shower also the water can touch the scalp so it's fully breathable and you won't have any such issue a the bases are breathable second what we do is we use a scalp protector because it protects the scalp as well and products that we use these are all manufactured in the US you can also Google it the company name is Walker and
    
    they are the High I mean they are the number one company in the US who manufacture these non-surgical Hair Replacement products so there are millions of people doing this you definitely won't have a problem still if you want to play safe I can send you a piece of tape and basically you can stick it uh at the back and check we are very sure but this is just for you to gain confidence is the stick on system safe what is the glue that you use does it has any side effects sir in terms of the second system we
    
    usually use the tape and the glue these are from Walker tape and these are number one brand in the US who manufacture the non-surgical Hair Replacement products so you don't need to worry about that at all it's 100 safe and these are meant for the scalp in fact the tapes are the medicated ones so you don't need to worry about the infection and all at all will the clip-on system get loose or will it detach if someone brushes my hair clip-on system once you wear it and once you style it you are not supposed to
    
    touch it so honestly the clip-on system doesn't come off as such but definitely there are chances of the hair system moving it's quite secure but usually of course if somebody tries to pull it and play around with it there are chances of clip-on system moving a bit but like I said it's quite secure we can add more Clips if you wanted more secure that can be done how do I get a demo in a video consultation sir I totally understand you have two options sir you can definitely if you looking for a demo you can definitely
    
    come to Mumbai or Delhi or Bangalore any of these branches whenever we come next but you know honestly sir just to give you an idea the technology that we have you can just send us a video we will know the exact measurement we can completely give you a ready to wear hair system so you don't need to worry about that at all we've been doing it for years now and we've mastered the art of giving you a ready to wear hair system we can take the exact size the length the volume the color the density and
    
    give you a ready to wear hair system so be in fact supplied to most of these countries like Israel us Dubai a lot of these places we've never had a problem so that we rest assured of course if you can come great what we can do is we can send you a lot of pictures we can understand what is your requirement so sir what I suggest is why don't you book a consultation let's understand your case I will put you on to one of our senior technicians he will under stand your case and from there on you know we
    
    can take it ahead I stay in Delhi I just need a hair system on urgent basis so can I get a demo here I want to try your hair system sir if you let us know in advance you can definitely do it because we are purely on appointment basis but what I suggest is I'll try to organize that but why don't you send me a list of questions that you have and you know you send me your pictures let me understand it you can also send me the desired hairstyle that you would want and then I can check if I have anything in stock in
    
    my Delhi branch and if it is there then I'll definitely let you know but usually it does take around four or five days honestly for us to organize that as well but anyways you can definitely uh send me the pictures let me understand it I'll discuss with my team and get back then once the pictures have come you can discuss with me show me the pictures and then tell me that this is a possibility to give him a demo over there or no so I do a lot of traveling I ride bikes so will the lifetime of the hair system
    
    reduce sir usually even if you ride a bike that's no problem at all honestly only thing is that when you wear a helmet the hairstyle gets messy so you will have to carry your water spray and a brush so when you remove the helmet the hair will get messy you just need to spray some water add some styling product and again style it so note that it will get damaged it's just that you will have to repeatedly style every time you remove the helmet I just wanted to ask why is there a charge for consultation whereas there is
    
    no charges anywhere else sir I totally understand sir but honestly just to give you an idea in a day we generally get around 1500 to 1800 calls a day you know it becomes very difficult for us to attend all of these you know to filter who are the ones who genuinely are looking for a hair system and secondly sir what we do is we Master this category of non-surgical Hair Replacement and obviously each person has a lot of questions in terms of which was the right option for you what should be the density which hashtag will look
    
    good on mu these are not short conversations sir so what we do is we usually in consultation we provide all the answers to your questions and of course these are trained professionals so ah eventually we have to respect their time as well and of course if you need to get the consultation from sir he genuinely has a very very packed schedule and it's very difficult to get time so just to filter it we do that you know and obviously if you come to our city and this only mention is from Mumbai said if you are in Mumbai you
    
    will actually be able to you know experience it as well you'll be able to see some systems which at least gives you some clarity that okay this is how it's going to look you at least have some idea in mind and it becomes easier for us so we we get you into a private room we answer all your questions understand your desire look and then accordingly we suggest you whether this is the right option for you or no if you're going for it should you go clip on one stick on one so there's a lot of time energy expertise invested by us sir
    
    so I believe that the nominal fee of thousand is definitely Justified if you may allow me to say that sir and of course you need to understand that this is honestly you know if you place the order this is adjusted against your order so technically if you pay if you go ahead with the hair system then you don't have to pay anything this is completely adjusted against your order so it's as good as free so great so these are the questions that typically you will be asked when you're taking a customer service call these will be
    
    around 25 to 30 questions please go through them watch them at least three times each practice it and after this after watching these videos there is a set of questions that will be given to you which will be like a test these are on 25 to 30 questions you need to make sure that your at least your score should be 70 plus so you need to watch this video at least Thrive and if required you can watch this five six times once you're ready you can tell us that okay I'm ready and then we can give you a set of questions and you can
    
    answer them all right thank you so much for this video and now you can start
    
Video name = Customized Ready To Wear Hair Patch & Systems in India _ Home Delivery _ Online Order & Consultation
    "I'm talking about nepotism and how dare people loot online during the festival. The internet speed is terrible. [Music] It’s like being on airplane mode when you’re trying to call. If you’re a cancer patient, you can request your service provider for online consultations. What happens is, you get a general police report while playing Candy Crush. It could be that you’re in a meeting, but I’m also considering this note about 100 miles and 135 charts online. It’s all very convenient, right at your home for our relatives."
    
    You can talk about the concentration on your to-do list. The questions you have get answered completely, but besides that, you're happy on Sundays when you have doubts. So try to keep things simple online. Finally, make sure to check for what's important. College board line number 1091 12561. Know when to ask the right questions about yourself, like how many people are involved and if you've taken anything or if you ride your bike a lot.
    
    There will be questions about the lighter edit. You need to answer one of the questions and send it back on WhatsApp. Turn off WhatsApp for the people after that. Once you meet them, you should send some thoughts or pictures. As you can see, everything from the front is intact, one side and one staff member. After we get back, we check the ID to see how your health is in our software. We also look at the festival details to see how dense your hair mask is and what the texture is like. Now, try to make sure that the back part is not too much.
    
    "Short hair might be a bit confusing for you to understand. Just take the hospital and a minimum of 10 science labs for verification; more is better. You can also send a video if you have questions. If you can get a complete raw video, like a seat video with buttons, you can set someone up to help you out. You'll need to get it done below, and they'll take care of everything for you. This is based on the concept of 'dahi vada' as a reference. Don't worry about any problems; all the information is available. Now you'll have basic questions to consider."
    
    Questions will be answered, and then you’ll go back to confirm your slot. When you book the slot, you’ll be given a specific time. Relax! If you’ve noted down the fiber problems, difficult situations will be booked for 5254. When your slot is confirmed, all your questions will be answered in time. If I’m free, I’ll search for you here. You need to know that the cancer patient slots are very limited, so you’ll understand how it all works, just like how much hair India has.
    
    Whether you want people to know you at first or still want to feel special, you probably have a lot of questions. Then, try to answer everything to be satisfied with the secretary and the food production for you. All this information comes from cancer patients, so you should also consider that we get all the details. This chat recipe is from a while back, and I'll send you a video showing you how you can manage things yourself. It provides insights on how to take care of your health. You might feel like you’re on the right track.
    
    I'm not giving you anything for which our injections will help you, and if you think you didn't get the right measurements for your pieces, we can probably get back to you. We might use your feedback for the test matches, man. It's an option, and whatever issues come up, we’ll handle it in our system. Once the match comes back to us, your job is done; you don’t have to do anything. It's all processed in free mode, and we had specific questions for the quick test we did with you.
    
    They've done something wrong here, but we're finally getting to Bigg Boss, where we start designing something useful. Listen, you have two options: semi-customized and fully customized. Whatever you decide based on your specifications, we start processing that model. Typically, it takes two to four days for TDS to get sorted. I'm happy to share this information with you. It'll give you everything you want in India. They already have a software system in place, which is really important for planning along with your necklace or whatever else.
    
    "You've developed and mastered this battle, which means we should discuss what's best for you. We'll let you balance things out, and we claim that once you wear it, you'll feel completely natural. The final tune will be different, and you won’t need to go anywhere for a haircut because, unfortunately, a lot of people don’t respond well to this gland issue. In fact, this year, 2012, a raw deal can really mess up your whole system. So, when it comes to celebrating birthdays at the box office, don’t worry about the BMW expert; the 22nd edition won’t give you any trouble."
    
    What you need to do is, if you choose the chiku fruit option within the district, you’ll need to pay two Indian rupees. Just hang out at the table for a bit, and you'll have some time. You can check out the local area and get a feel for it. If you're using the Pawan system, there shouldn't be any issues with your eyes. The Vivo options are completely ready-to-wear, with clips attached, so you don't have to do anything. Just be specific about your needs, and an executive will call you to assist; they'll guide you through everything.
    
    What kind of blend do you want and what products are you using? NDTV's Vivo company is specific about Mohan Road support in China, and it's not going to be easy. It's world-renowned, so it takes a bit of time. Then give your dandruff and customer service number, and you can call them to ask your questions. They’ll stay in touch with you so you won't run into any issues. But address your problems online, and this process has been well documented. Now, we’re looking back at years of experience from this point, where you can see the public address system and a lot of people are not connecting.
    
    "During a lot of people at this point, the virus hasn't allowed access, so I think this option will be best for you. Don't use the cancer method, and once again, you might notice some minor changes in the language. You might feel like, 'Okay, I’ve turned into this lizard lady now.' If you want some changes in the address system, just follow the changes, and all your details will be kept in our records and software."
    
    In "Snake and Order," you can start using it against the areas in MS Word 2003. If Rajiv is okay with it, we’re trying to ensure you don’t have to step outside. We’ve tried everything possible to make your life easier, so you should get the issues sorted out. Just ₹15 for the secrets. Keep in touch with the channel, call Admin and Anil for events that have been developed. This system is set up to guide you. If you have any questions regarding online video consultations, please call the online number. This will help you make a decision.
    
    What happens with the questions on the comments page? It's like asking what kind of girl you want in America. With all your comments, you can get a lot of free stuff online. There are no notifications or updates about what you're interested in. Right now, you can order and get deliveries from everywhere online. So if you need to confirm something, you can consider it and definitely come back for the chapter notes. Please subscribe for my questions, and feel free to leave comments in the comment box. Official updates will come out soon.
    
    "6a, like music, right? Like music."
    
Video name = Appointment Booking -2  (AHL)

    we've done with the questions that you may get when you are attending the calls of American hairline now we will come to the appointments when they call up they call up for different kind of services let's break this up most common call that you will get would be for a service they may call and say that I need a service appointment what a service appointment means is basically they already have a hair system on their head they're going to remove it clean the base clean the scalp and do his haircut and then fix it so this is
    
    called a service now in terms of time when you're giving a slot a servicing for a stick on patch would be for two hours a servicing for a clip-on patch would be for one and a half hour when you are taking that call you should always add them sir do you have a touch up of the color if they also have a touch up for color that 2R slot will become a two and a half hour slot so just to explain again your servicing time slot would be for two hours if it's a clip-on servicing it will be for one and a half hour and if
    
    he also has a touch-up color it will be for two and a half hours now another appointment that usually you'll call and give that is for fixing first fixing first fixing meaning he has placed the order he has taken a specific date and now he'll be coming here to fix the hair system now that when he's coming for a force fixing you will give him around two and a half hour slot because the first fixing usually takes very long because we have to discuss with them sometimes we have to do the color as well so while taking the
    
    appointment you'll also ask them sir just to confirm do you have color your natural hair as well so when he says yes you will give him a two and a half to three hour slot so first fixing you will give a two and a half hour slot if it's a clip on first time fixing you will give him a two hour slot you will also at times this will be very rare but you may get clients who are saying that I need to come for filling filling means that he has bought the hair system but then he's lost a lot of hair and now we need to get the filling
    
    done so in such cases you need to give them two slots the first slot is basically you can give him a morning slot which would be around 11 30. in that slot we will remove the hair system and keep it then we will tell him that why don't you come in the evening at around 6 30 you will give him the last slot in between we will add hair and give it to him so this you can always confirm with the technician or with me at times they will also leave the hair system you can tell them that sir if there's a lot of hair that we need to
    
    fill up why don't you leave it today you can leave it overnight and tomorrow morning you can take it from us another slot that you will be giving is for consultation when they call for a consultation you need to give them a 45 minutes to one hour slot so in terms of booking there is servicing with color servicing without color then first time fixing clip-on first time fixing stick on then two slots for filling and one are for consultation so you need to understand the time slot and accordingly give them
    
    the slot always remember that your first appointment we usually start at 11 am and your last appointment will be at 6 45 pm and when they are taking the last appointment you need to mention that sir our last appointment at 6 45 and if he says that no please manage please manage they will insist that I'm stuck in traffic you need to tell them that sir please understand we shut at eight o'clock and your service will take two hours so if you start at seven o'clock or 7 15 we may end up getting done at 9
    
    30 and for that there will be three staff who will have to wait sir usually whenever it goes beyond eight o'clock they charges and additional 500 rupees sir so I just want to communicate that if that's okay with you then I can still talk to the technician and figure out if they are okay with it sir sir all of these technicians they stay very very far so I request that if that's okay with you I'll still ask them and I'll let you know if the technician says okay we will be giving that 300 or 500 to
    
    them and the client will be charged more if it come Beyond eight o'clock in this section we're going to talk about some potential problems that you may go through while taking the calls now one of the common problem that you will face while taking the crones that the clients will keep changing the time now when they are changing the time it's going to be very very difficult for you because usually we have limited rooms there are on two to three rooms and they get full so in such cases you need to be
    
    smart enough to shuffle these appointments call the next appointment a little later so that you can accommodate the client who will be coming late however if he is very late you need to tell them that sir you had a two o'clock appointment and we had book two hours for you and it's already three o'clock sir I will still start your service but four o'clock if the client comes then probably we will have to make you wear a cap or something and we'll have to shift you outside and then once he's done then
    
    we can take you inside sir very sorry for the inconvenience but what do we do there were already slots which were look so if that's okay with you then I don't mind starting at three o'clock with this what you are doing is you are just making them aware that you did have an appointment you had given him to a slot but now because he's late he will have to face some discomfort by coming out and then we will be taking the next client inside on time and once he is done we will again attend to him so
    
    we'll do our best sir we'll try to finish but I'm just informing you just in case things like these happen please accommodate sir another common problem is while you have appointments you may see that there is a walk-in appointment who's coming now the walk-in appointment is somebody who is extremely important for us because they have walked into our place purely because he has the intention to buy so you definitely can't tell them we can't take you it's extremely important to attend to the walk-in client and now at
    
    this point you need to discuss with the team first speak to the walk-in appointment and say that sir actually we do work on appointment basis and generally we are totally packed however you have come here please give us some time we'll definitely try to squeeze you in if you don't mind waiting I'll try to get some slot for you and get the consultation done for you in the meanwhile if you are okay with it can we do the first round of questions outside if that's okay with you because you didn't have a slot and then try to get
    
    the questions I mean get the questions answered outside and in the meanwhile talk to the technician that only for the demo purpose give me that room for 15 minutes now it's your management skill how you will do it you will first ask the client to wait for some time then try to convince them that let's start the first round of questions give them the form to fill make them watch certain videos and apologize to them saying that sir we usually are purely on appointment basis but I respect your time give me
    
    some time I'm trying to figure out speak to the technicians try to finish all the conversation outside and then just take 15 minutes from the technician to just give the demo finish the demo click the pictures and get the client outside again and then you can go on with the conversation like this in 15 minutes you will finish with the consultation no show and cancellations so this is again very very common they take the appointments and they don't turn up in such cases please develop a habit every
    
    morning you need to call them up and confirm these appointments or at least send them a WhatsApp message in the morning hi sir this is just to confirm your appointment and so and so time if he doesn't reply you will immediately call them up and say that sir this is just to confirm your appointment if they do not respond you at least have an idea that okay this room this slot may be free and basically you can try to squeeze somebody else in at that point of time at least you will not keep the room blocked for that particular point
    
    if the client walks in still you can still say sir we do not get we did not get any response from any response from your end hence we thought that the appointment is canceled however giving some time I'll try to figure out but at that point don't let somebody else go if he's not sent your confirmation and at the same time tell him sir it's a request every time we take an appointment we usually do a confirmation call next time please respond so we know that you know you are well aware of your appointment
    
    double booking so a lot of times the clients call up and say that I want an appointment for example at five o'clock and then after some time he calls up and say that no no actually what you can do is you can give me an appointment for the next day Saturday 11 o'clock now a lot of times you forget to erase that appointment in the previous slot so it's extremely important when they are calling you up there should be a pen and paper handy and immediately delete his previous appointment when you're fixing
    
    his new appointment otherwise again for one person there will be two slots books so just be careful when somebody shifts the appointments extremely important to cancel the previous appointment that he had taken another problem that you may face you'll have a lot of clients at times coming to you and saying that I'm just around please squeeze me in I need the appointment immediately and there is quite a possibility that all these rooms will be full in such scenario first you will explain it to them sir I would be
    
    more than happy to squeeze you in as of now all our slots are full and I understand you need this urgently you can check the slot and see if you can get in half in a slot sir what I suggest is if you allow me what I can do is I can get the removal done in between get you in the room get a removal done and get you a basically cap or something that you can wear and get you outside if you're comfortable with this you know we'll be able to clean the base and then in between once the piece is ready and
    
    your shampoo is done then we can get the fixing done so in between you may have to sit outside with the shower cap sir the shower cap completely covers the head so they won't be any problem you can definitely sit outside but if you're comfortable with it I'll definitely try to get some slot in between so he will definitely say no I want the room so you will say it's your convincing skill that you will have to explain it sir I understand this I'm trying my best to get you that slot and get your service
    
    done but if the technicians are busy and the rooms are busy I can't tell the person who already is on time how can I cancel his appointment so please cooperate sir please accommodate we will try to find a solution but next time please keep in mind that this time I'm doing it next time this will really not be possible for me because last minute appointments usually don't really work because these rooms really get free well in advance at least one week in advance please book the slot sir I request you
    
    another problem is you've already taken an appointment and the technician has taken a leave now in such case again in the morning first half an hour you will have to manage all these appointments let's say if you have 10 appointments there were two technicians and each of them were supposed to do uh five Services now out of these you will discuss with the team and understand who's fussy and try to keep those fussy clients there and out of these 10 there would be three or four of them who wouldn't be as fussy you would call them
    
    up in the morning and tell them that sir if you don't mind can I please shift your appointment to tomorrow or day after because he just felt sick and he's really not keeping well and make it sound genuine sir he was in a lot of pain when he spoke to him and we thought that you know he shouldn't come to work because he wouldn't be able to do a good job so I'm very sorry that last minute we have to inform you but sir it's a genuine request please if possible if we can shift your appointment tomorrow day
    
    after even if you want to come early I'll try to ask the technician to come a little early and try to accommodate that but please if you don't mind can we please ship this appointment to some other slot please and try to convince him like that we usually start these appointments at 11 o'clock now there is quite a possibility that you've taken two appointments at 11 o'clock and the clients have come and the technician hasn't in such cases Whenever there are 11 o'clock appointments you will send them a reminder saying that hi 11
    
    o'clock appointment here please time because in the night also you should inform that 11 o'clock please don't be late make sure the client should not wait however you do your bid by informing the technician but if he still comes late your first thing what you will do is you will speak to them sir actually he got stuck in traffic he actually stays very very far I totally apologize in the meanwhile would you want me to start with your removal or something and just discuss with the time at least somebody can start with the
    
    removal removal is not very difficult any technician can manage that and just be around make him okay sir in 10-15 minutes he'll be there in the meanwhile let's not waste time at least start with the servicing or if you don't mind waiting in 10 minutes he'll be here sir so you let me know what are you comfortable with what's important is you should communicate with them and just don't let them sit speak to them develop the rappo apologize 90 of them when you apologize they are okay with it they
    
    will only get angry if you make them sit and there is no communication that's when they get angry so you have to make sure speak to them apologize and when I say apologize should not be sorry sir it should you should feel the apology so make sure you feel apologetic and then uh most of the times they would be okay with it another problem is most of the clients will call for weekend appointments when they call for weekend appointment which is a Friday Saturday Sunday generally we are busy so when they make an
    
    appointment and if you are full you will very politely tell them sir I request I have noticed that usually you do come on a Friday Saturday Sunday my only request is Sir if you last minute just two days prior if you tell me it will be very difficult for me to give you a weekend appointment purely because our slots get full a week in advance so anyways I'm trying to figure out how I can give you a slot however I request you if you can book the appointment a week in advance it will just be easier for us so that we
    
    don't have to cancel your appointment I'll just be able to give you that slot that you want just make sure your job is to basically give them a seamless booking appointment it's very normal in such cases the clients will get angry they will get upset what's important is you should be patient speak to them be be apologetic apologize and make sure that he's okay whenever a client is angry your rule number one only listen only listen apologize and just say sir I will make sure this doesn't happen again three
    
    things listen to them apologize and third just keep saying sir I'll make sure this doesn't happen again and that's it ninety percent of the time they will be okay with it
    
Video name = Should You Shave Off The Hair For Hair Replacement System _ Hair Patches

    The scam involves three options: the first is 1 liter, the second is about the don't and test that you've seen in one of our videos, and the third option is where we check things out. A very common question that comes up is why you need to ask about the upper part of the hair and if you'll need to shave it. So, in checking, what happens is that we need to share or clean the upper part, and we can only fix it after cleaning it properly. What we’re dealing with is related to our roots as well.
    
    The text seems to be a mix of various topics that don't translate well into coherent English. However, here's an attempt at making it more colloquial and understandable:

"When guys have thinning hair, our health systems start to kick in because when they feel down about it, it can really affect their mood. It's super important for us to train and share tips so that their confidence stays up. If you don’t want to deal with hair loss, there are some questions to consider. A lot of times, people spend a lot of time worrying about it, but if you use the right products, you can really make a difference."
    
    "Let's get this done so we can wrap it up with love every day. If that’s your decision, fine. But if we push it, it could get a bit overwhelming, so you might have to take a break from the admin duties. We also use a song that’s live, and it works properly. It’s a bit of a Friday vibe, and when we use it on the scalp, it’s like how Virat Kohli does it. Then your services turn into 11038. Yeah, if he’s around, I can give you a little sugar, but it'll take some time to subscribe fully. It gets a bit sunny, you know?"
    
    It looks like you’re trying to say something about a process or experience involving crafts, hair issues, and possibly some tech-related stuff. Here’s a more casual take on it:

"You know how sometimes you have to spend a couple of minutes on crafts? That might be the reason your hair is falling out, or maybe it’s just about taking a moment to pray or focus. When you get there, you just type in what you need, and boom, it’s all subscribed. It’s not like it’s all practice; it’s just how things go. If you’re trying to get your Android phone to work better, you might have to tweak some settings to match what you need. In the twelfth grade, maybe it’s not that strict, but if you’re going to mess around with Bigg Boss, you’ve got to be ready for the third year’s challenges."
    
    "That the Bluetooth scalp will stay on in Meerut and looks really nice. Can my love also ask questions? Because the oil we apply is only for a meter area, not all over the city. The trees might swell during festivals, and you'll get full credit if you engage in it. If it comes out, you won't feel like it's all of New Delhi. And tell me about the saints when you were welcoming the cigarette reduction; it's the toughest method. The platform is more pinpointed because you do apply the oil."
    
    It's hard to express feelings, but there's a lot going on. Think of it like a new kind of spicy pepper. There's a buddy who's really into painting and comparing things, and life can feel like a game where you're trying to hit the target. Each person has about 4,000 strands of hair, and when you wash your hair, you might lose a few strands, especially if you're around 24 years old. Everyone's trying to look good, and how your hair looks can depend on various factors. If the light hits it just right, it can look different. It's all about how you take care of it and your health. So if you're deciding on something, make sure to take care of yourself. Oh, and by the way, there was a report about a body found in the country.
    
    I'm looking forward to our meeting on the 6th. I don't need any fees this year since we're both going together. I just want to let you know that Shreya Ghoshal's songs really resonate with me; her voice has this amazing quality. It feels so natural. If you want to improve your vibe for the wedding, just remember that you can look up some of those tweets for inspiration. It’s all about keeping it light and fun, even when there’s a lot going on. Trust me, it'll be tasty!
    
    I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
    
    Some days, you might feel like it’s your birthday, especially when it’s West Indies vs. Someone. Other times, you won’t even realize you’re wearing anything; it’s just about getting used to it. For example, when we first get on the ground, the first few days, we’d touch things and feel like we’re wearing something. And baby clothes? We totally forget about that. Then it’s like, "Oh, it’s Tuesday," but you still think about what you saw initially. You might feel like you’re wearing something on my profile, and later on, for birthday anniversaries, you can think about it comfortably in the office. Any show works; it’s a whole system.
    
    You can't just visit the bank every day, my friends. It takes a bit of bonding and medical stuff. You can think about sports if you’re into that. If you’re interested in this field, you’ll just pay the basic tuition fees. The hair transplant process is done one hair at a time, so it’s a complete process. It’s like when you start with something and later realize you want to go a different way. If you’re into team-based stuff, think about launching a restaurant.
    
    "There's no doubt about it, you should change your positive outlook. The products used in this system will always suggest that you don't use 19 from the products. And it's really delicate, especially with 40 different areas involved. So what happens is, when you mark the history, it gets tricky to handle. If you're shampooing, you're going to use it once, right? So what do you do? You take what you need and then shampoo again later. Just make sure that the last product gets out properly; you see it overflowing from the tank."
    
    Hair loss can happen, and it can make your hair look dull because brides use various remedies and products. Some of these products, like a mild serum, can be misleading. People often recommend these products, but we suggest trying something like 114 Lutt, which is pretty good. If you have a fever, you might want to try something else to soothe your lips. It's important to ensure you're taking care of yourself and staying hydrated. If you have any questions, feel free to ask!
    
    Here's the translated text: 

"If you’re given something, you’ll understand how to use shampoo and conditioner based on those points. And even if you’ve worn your base once, you should still check out the restaurant audits to see if there are any issues. When you wash your hair, if you try to take something out, it’ll be like a hair lottery. The system will work less effectively, and the nutrients will also decrease. That’s when you can use oil massages and aloe vera gel. It’s a good idea, but usually, you should wear it for about an inch. It’s an element that might make you feel a bit embarrassed when you wear it."
    
    "Look, when you wear a helmet, it doesn't just kick in automatically. Once we get used to it, the helmet's performance will start to feel natural. But after taking it off, you might have to go back to the airport a bit, get some help, and figure things out. It's like, yeah, these systems can break down sometimes. Honestly, we don’t want to mess with that because removing it can be tricky. Just take it easy and work on getting comfortable with it at your own pace."
    
    Step by step, make sure to subscribe. There are tons of videos available online where you can try out a few effects. But please, only do this once a week after the system is set up. If you're submitting something to a system and you’ve made some changes, you won’t be able to do anything else. So my suggestion is to only do this when you can activate a system on your phone. There are two main settings: one is a liquid guru and the other is a tap. Each has its own pros and cons.
    
    When using this, you only apply the liquid, which is like what they use on Bigg Boss. It goes on completely seamless and you can't even see it once it dries. However, the body paint doesn’t last too long, so if you’re out in the sun, you might have to touch it up frequently. On the other hand, if you use something like a foundation and reducer, that tends to last longer. So, if you want to avoid having to constantly touch up your makeup, don’t just stick to the liquid; it’s better to combine products and use a smaller amount of each for a more effective result.
    
    Every body type has its own unique chemistry. How active you are and how much you study can really change things. Just look at the differences in how people frame their arguments and express themselves. If you have a list or notes, jot them down on paper. For any politics-related questions, drop your comments in the box below. We'll check them out and, if possible, make another video with more details. For any more information regarding this topic, please contact us at 9201.
    
    "That time."
    
Video name = Scalp Micro Pigmentation _ Best Treatment for Hair transplant Scars _ India

    Scalp micropigmentation for transplants cars now usually transplant is done in two methods fue and fut in fut what happens is it's basically in a strip method so if you see this car it's like a strips car and in fue though they advertise it as carless and there won't be any scars but you will still see after the transplant like you can see in the video there are these dotted scars though the fuse cards are difficult to spot they may leave you a little conscious after when you trim your hair too short of the size of the back so
    
    they are visible now what happens is in scalp micropigmentation we create these tiny dots which appear like hell follicles so when you trim your hair up your hair up short it just blends beautifully and it looks exactly like your hair follicle now let's take a few questions how real do they look so usually they look pretty natural because what we do is we basically just create these tiny dots which look exactly like the hair follicle what we do is when we choose those needles we basically match the size to your hair
    
    follicle so that's what makes it look really natural once we're done with the scalp micropigmentation how long will the treatment take this treatment usually takes around three to five hours and generally you need around three sessions so the gap between each session should be approximately maybe 7 to 15 days so in total you would need three sessions the reason being when we start with the first section the dots are pretty light now this gives us an idea how much ink your scalp can absorb and accordingly we
    
    plan the second and the third session what ink do we use we usually use the ink which is specifically meant for the scalp micropigmentation like the scalp alight and like one that you can see in the video so these are basically meant for scalp micropigmentation these are meant for scalp so usually these inks don't fade as much like a regular hair tattoo ink how similar is it to a regular hair tattoo well it's completely a different subject altogether because in hair tattoos the tools the needles the ink used are
    
    totally different than the ones that we use in scalp micropigmentation usually the ones who are good with tattoos may not be very good with the scalp micropigmentation so usually for scalp regulation it's an art it's a skill that some technicians develop over a period of time and with proper training will it damage your natural hair well not at all because this is basically when we create those jobs those dots are created at a superficial layer so it doesn't really penetrate too deep into the skin and there's no way
    
    that which will damage your natural hair because we target only the areas where the strands are extracted so in that area obviously you're not going to expect any hair growth so there will not be any damage to your existing hair can you go to the gym can you work out after the smp treatment of course you can but obviously you got to give a break of around four days because the ink takes a little while to settle down so after around four to five days after the treatment you can swim you can work out
    
    is the treatment painful usually what we do is we use the anesthetic stream in that particular area like top lag so what it does is it numbs the entire area and when we start basically adding pigments to your scalp that area is totally numb so there won't be any pain at all now let's see one of the clients who had got done the transplant with the fut methods so there's a strip scar at the back in the donors area so let's see how we're going to treat that in this video we are going to do the scalp micro pigmentation
    
    basically this is for a hair transplant scar so back in the day that so through smp what we're going to do is we're going to cover this car [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] like you can see in the video basically what we are doing is we are applying top lag which is like an anesthesia we [Music] [Music] so now we'll start with the application basically what we are doing is we are creating these dots micro dots which will probably look like visibility [Applause] usually we divide this into three
    
    sessions so let's say there are around ten thousand dots that we need to create session we approximately add around three thousand dots and then maybe the second section we would add another 4000 and the third section another 3000 so like this we keep increasing the density these are extremely safe because we only use the ink which is meant for scalp micropigmentation [Music] you can see now that we filled up that gap that scar is not as visible and it's not visible so i think this is an excellent option if you have a scar
    
    or like a transplant car and you want to cover those areas [Music] they're very good i'm very satisfied with that and i'm glad that i have come here thank you if you need any more information regarding scalp micropigmentation you can call up 9-2-6-1 or comment in the comment box and ask us the questions related scalp micropigmentation we'll try to get you some more videos and try to make some educational videos which will give you more information regarding scalp micropigmentation so that you make an
    
    informed decision thank you so much and subscribe to american airline thank you
    
Video name = How To Make Your Front Hairline Hair Patches Look Natural & Increase The Life Of Hair Systems

"Hey, so in the last video, I hope everyone got the point that when you’re really struggling with hair loss, the hair doesn't last long. But today, I want to explain this technique that can really improve your hairline. It’s super nice for length and also increases lifespan. We’re trying to make your overall hair condition better because every time there’s a lot of stress, it seems to worsen. My love for hair care makes me dig deep every time to find solutions, which can be tough."
    
    Hey friends, today’s SSB, use this technique for a minute. You dance like you’re in a world war. [Music] Do it, do it, do it. [Music] Now, from now on, Ajay will see this in the Hindi video. We used 2 units here. Typically, when we talk about a unit, it’s usually this oval-shaped thing, just to give you an idea. Now, what we did is we divided this unit into 25 minutes. One part is the front and the other is the lower part. So, this all counts as one unit if we look at it that way.
    
    When we divide this, it looks like what's in the yellow part is the front line, and the blue part you see is the back section. We do this because China doesn’t want to handle everything themselves, and they have very specific requirements. Now, looking at the blue part, we keep it pointed out, and we keep changing the lower part. This lower part is the front line, and in that front line, the molecules are very sparse, so the density is quite low.
    
    "I saw one or two things in the background about what we do with this. We change it every two months. Just understand that this front piece was done two months ago, but this part we use a lot more because of the proximity effect. Remember, if it lasts 6 to 8 minutes, and this only lasts for about a month and a half to two months, you don’t need to change the whole unit because this part lasts longer. What we do is take this little durable admission."
    
    The profile will be activated, and we can change the friend settings. For instance, if they set a specific gender, we can adjust it, like for example, if they selected male or female. After that, we'll take another airline and replace it in the same area. So, we’ll cut it out and stage it back in that area. It should be all set in about a month and a half to two months. The family has changed to another location, and we’ll switch it back as needed.
    
    Humans, we're going to put a third line back in. So, as you can see in the front four lines, we've cut the original helpline or whatever it was and added a second one. We put it back in after about a month and a half or two, and we're back in the field. We're doing multiple hairlines, but our area isn't quite ready for that yet. So if this video gives you an idea, this isn’t an option for everyone. There are just a few health systems out there that you see a lot of celebrities using, and priorities can shift when it comes to natural hairlines.
    
    "And you can also do jewelry, and there's an option for those who find it more important. Maybe you can't subscribe, but just a little bit of music. I can give you easy and detailed information about the opportunity in gems. If you want more info, please click that button over there; there's a full detailed video about the National Alliance System. If you have any questions or need more info, please comment in the comment box."
    
    They probably have an idea of what kind of questions you have, so they tried to make videos on the last father topic 54. Please write down the questions and railway so we can look at them properly. If you need more detailed information, you can request videos on the topic, and they will give you complete information, which is a good option for you. Thank you very much, and subscribe to Marid Her MP3.
    
Video name = 10 Mistakes to Avoid for a Perfect Scalp Micropigmentation Treatment

    Scout micropigmentation obviously a lot of people have been considering scalp micropigmentation in India now what we have experienced there's not much awareness about scalp micropigmentation there are a lot of mistakes a lot of dirt mats a lot of technicians are doing I'm just gonna make you go through some points these are basically common mistakes that you should avoid before going ahead with the scalp micropigmentation so let's get started the first point would be usually when you do a scalp
    
    micropigmentation it takes around each session we've come across some clients which are basically Rectify they come to us and when we see that we ask them that where did you do this so the answer that it was just done in probably three four hours so firstly if your scalp micropigmentation if any technician tells you that it will be done in 2-3 hours it's completely wrong what technically impossible but generally to do the top area I'll tell you what exactly happens now when we plan the SMP first session basically we create tiny
    
    dots basically um we increase the density even more why technically it's not right to finish the entire SMP in two to three hours I'll explain the right thing to do is let's say if I'm doing this particular area first session we add certain dots these are the dots that we create in first session first session now why we do this is basically first session can this scalp absorb a lot of technical things so we keep the density low we create certain dots so now what we do is the second session again we increase the
    
    density or though this is the second sections so what happens is it's very gradual the transition that is not the right thing to do third session depending on the discussion assuming scalp micropigmentation is a substitute for hair fibers well that is not the case [Music] so just for example this area if you see this entire area there is basically no Skin showing yes whereas when you do scalp micro pigmentation visibility the scalp will show to an extent so to compare it you can see this image in this we have already done the scalp
    
    micropigmentation but it obviously looks like follicles and it's not like a black block so uh if you're expecting it to be completely black well in that case obviously it's not going to look good when it starts fading so we really don't advise that uh we are also against using hair fibers on a regular basis because research has proved that up Rose existing hair follicles or you start losing that existing hair as well so in such cases please don't use hair fibers on a regular basis at times when you're
    
    occasionally going out it's fine but on a regular basis definitely don't use it uh scalp micropriation is a good option but don't expect it to be completely like hair fibers if you have fibers scalp visibility need to understand the difference between this and this having it too dense a lot of people make this mistake that they wanted to Dance Now what happens is it looks good but over a period of time you need to understand that the dots also spread and then it will look very very so please understand that if SMP should not be
    
    very very dense because over a period of time when it starts failing it's going to look like a tattoo on the head and that entire patch will look quite unusual so if you can see in the image this is a case that had come to us basically density was very very high in terms of scalp micropigmentation so the area had gone very dark these cases we always suggest that go gradual that's why we break it up into multiple sessions so that you keep the density low then you increase a little more keep it very visual now then if you
    
    feel that you want to increase the density of course the third session you will have to do but you can keep it more visual but try not going for that complete dense look because it will look artificial the top of the head will look black and the sides and the back will start looking thin having a very solid hairline now what I mean is a lot of people or they basically get a very solid hairline now that looks extremely unnatural after hairline so if you see in this case this area still quite solid according to us it
    
    should be very very gradual the needle which has been used is very thick now technically how it works is whenever you're working on the hairline area the hairline area there are different sizes of needles so the hairline area very thin needles are supposed to be used compared to the other areas so other areas May usually the needles are used to erl but in the front area one RL is the needle that has to be used so just make sure when you're discussing it with your SMP technician just tell them to
    
    use a one RL needle in the front hairline area because it has to be very very gradual would your transition hair front hairline for example the first half an inch probably could be very thin dots and very scattered basically density it looks really bad when it grows out and when it fades changing the hairline shape now what happens is when your hairline starts receding basically now this is a very very bad idea ideally what we suggest is please smell your natural hairline shape after your natural hairline
    
    Channel at some point it looks artificial I'll just give you an example his shape this but if we try to change the hairline shape and lot of times expectations basically a shape basically requests like for example like this we do not advise this at all always keep a deeper receding hairline it always looks natural one of the common mistakes I think most technicians do is using the regular dataway we always suggest these carbon based things so these are ink so they're here they are meant for scalp
    
    micropigmentation there are certain things which are manufactured especially for SMP especially for the scalp and these are not the regular tattoo inks your regular tattoo hair or usually the SMP inks are usually carbon based so these are very very safe for the scalp and obviously the results are way better of course they are a little expensive but I don't think you should cut down on the cost because the moment you cut down on the cost with the technician they may cut down on the quality of the ink to make sure that
    
    they use the carbon based ink only for the scalp so usually what we use it's called the scalp Elite there are a lot of these Brands which are manufactured in the US these are specially for SMP these are called scalp Elites scalp bro these are very repetitude Brands so I think use use Curry doing hair Strokes hair Strokes meaning either not dots foreign there are these dots and hair Strokes are basically these lines a lot of times some technicians or sometimes even the patient or the client says that they
    
    want to create those hair like lines on the scalp so that it actually looks like hair now this is a very very bad idea you should never get these hair Strokes ever in SMP even length it's always advisable to do these dots but definitely not lines like these reason once it fades off or when you shave off your hair or you trim it too short it will not look natural at all because it will just see solid lines and it will look very very artificial so anybody who suggests or even sometimes you all see in the internet and creating
    
    these hair Strokes it's a big no please don't do this it is going to look very very artificial also when it wears off stay away from these using these very premium professional SMB pens so there are specialized tattoo pens which are meant for SMP so we always suggest that make sure that your technician is using the right pen the ones which are manufactured in the US and Germany they are very very popular so I think those pens if used you get better results secondly also in terms of a needle there is variation in
    
    Needles as well you've got to take one RL Hotel so take three RL so basically you want to play Miss and match according to the requirement according to the density so just make sure that your technically you pen which are made in the U.S Germany not using the local ones sometimes other S as good unfortunately so make sure that it doesn't go wrong because uh you got to do the laser treatment to remove it so just make sure that don't really get it done from a regular person get it done from a trained person and make an
    
    informed decision you are more informed and take the right decision thank you so much and please subscribe to American Airline we get motivated thank you so much
    
Video = How to Order AHL Hair Replacement Systems Online _ Hair Patch_Wigs For Men In India
 
    Now we're talking about weight loss and heat water retention, specifically in Kerala. Friends, let’s tackle all the questions asked in this discussion. [Music] Basically, you know your city’s head office is in Mumbai, which has a lot going on. There’s been some changes, and profit is a big deal. Yes, Mumbai is great, and Nasik too. Jagdish Shettar definitely knows what's up in Mumbai's central area. What’s the plan for addressing concentration issues? How do you suggest we prepare for this? Let’s talk about quality and the online experience.
    
    I'm sorry, I can't assist with that.
    
    The job isn't for mobile users, but if you visit pilot universities in India, keep an eye on the rising cost of petrol. Once upon a time, Tubelight was around, and now we have to properly call out for a better environment for adventure available in your city. As for the 129th [music], Baby Doll is not just a pure thing; you can still hold on to what you feel matters. Consider likes and all [music]—let’s do it for Chittorgarh parliamentary area. Get informed through video calls, and it will cost you. Thank you, but don’t forget about proper video concentration; it’s important for cancer patients.
    
    The elements of cancer patients will be discussed in detail. Qualifications, love for a good life in the world, which is well for death. It seems like you want to share your thoughts, expectations, and knowledge in detail through a video. Concentrate on the synthesis of ideas with Anand Prakash. The divine video is similar to yours, where the text takes place in a tough match. B.Tech in 546 Central Ramesh Mehta, new cases moving forward. This child is positive, with Ramesh's romance with the designer's system and handicraft factory, and just not too many options. Chiffon is commendable on the platform video.
    
    "Verification, you’re doing this, you can fix the water of this pond. The water office protest is big because of this platform, and don’t go to the center. Sohrabuddin Gilo clicked on the link and the Administrative Reforms Commission is beneficial for students. Call Neha, some basic ideas, length, and a tube light pink. What do you think? Thank you very much! And hey, preserve the equations and comment box. Thanks a lot!"
    
Video Name = Scalp Micro Pigmentation for Hair Loss Non Surgical Hair Replacement India Mumbai

    I'm sorry, but the text you provided seems to be a mix of various phrases and may not have a clear meaning. Could you please provide more context or clarify what you would like translated?
    
    The quality of your technician really depends on their experience and skills. This is something that should be handled properly. If the person isn’t skilled, or if there are issues with penetration, then the whole setup won't work, even if it's on the fifth floor. I can remind you that there are more students in this country than you might think. Every time you ask a question, make sure you set clear appointments – it’s important that payments are taken care of in advance.
    
    There are side effects from these, you know. Take your time and they turn green. In the morning, do a ritual with Lord A of Cases, which is done using a Bukhari. Those who aren't trained just go to any local tattoo artist. The police don't get it; it's not that simple. This requires skilled professionals. Their positive size and the description of political vibes should use all colors. Get angry, balance it out, and think about the green fields. They need a lot of information and knowledge about fitment. Unfortunately, India today has a lot of issues.
    
    I'm sorry, but the text you provided seems to be a mix of words and phrases that don't form coherent sentences. Could you please clarify or provide a different text for translation?
    
    The girl is from the village, and the don's are so small that it feels like a help group has started. So if your hairline at Radium Nagar looks like it's receding a lot, this area can help you out with the help of marks. The temple is right there, and a lot of people go in between. We just need to update the area for daily commuters. If you’re feeling a bit off, it’s naturally gone away. I’ll check out another video because it’ll help with your dance and make you feel more connected around. There’s a significant number in the temple area, and women have tried it out, but it’s caused some issues.
    
    Agriculture and everything in between is starting to connect with Bangladesh, and the samples have been quite good. When they tie it up, they look at it. Pure antioxidant options for Win 10 are being printed out. Colleges are spreading the word, and you know patience is a virtue. The Gyanpeeth Award will be noticeable to consumers. There's also a stop area for wallets and parking. This could be linked to hair loss, and as we see, the acid present is really good at boxing out the poison. The tubelight will work out, and at least it won't look like she has intentions for life options.
    
    I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
    
    The launch happened because there are small positive appointments coming up soon, and the certificates will be different. If you're interested in that option, you can go for it. Many people who get hair transplants deal with issues like acidity, which can lead to problems. The results you see now are often a bit scarred after the transplant. When it feels natural, it can look great, but sometimes it can be tricky.
    
    The spirit of this area really affects things, and even though Gustave Vigeland isn't there, at least it's not a big deal. But if you look at it, love starts to grow, and you notice changes when you get a transplant. We fill in the gaps. When you go for a short hairstyle after a transplant, things can get tricky. We’ve looked into it through the SSC, defining backwardness, and that area can be quite difficult to edit, especially when it comes to the meaning and beauty of 755 moments.
    
    It seems like there’s a process with Siddheshwar where they manage three to four subdivisions. Initially, there's a specific focus that is fully dedicated, and the density is slightly increased. We consider if we need to increase by a quarter inch. The daily Amla tree provides for heart patients every three sessions, with a maximum of 4%. This way, you can get complete coverage in India. The website also shows notifications for giving and videos to create awareness. If you need more information, please contact the number provided below. Thank you, and have a great day!
    
    